More explanation on the --compatible-mode flag (#242)
percona/mongodb_exporter: README.md

| Old Percona MongoDB exporter                                                  |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| old 0.1x.y version (ex `master` branch) is moved to the `release-0.1x` branch.|
| If you considering migrating from the old version of the exporter  - you can  |

> | use flag `--compatible-mode` to expose metrics in the old format. This will   |

Reviewer: The `format` is the same, the prometheus metric format. 
The `--compatible-mode` exposes new metrics using the new and old metric names at the same time, which means that any script or Grafana dashboard using a specific metric name from the 1.x version will still work.

> | old 0.1x.y version (ex `master` branch) is moved to the `release-0.1x` branch.|
> | If you considering migrating from the old version of the exporter  - you can  |
> | use flag `--compatible-mode` to expose metrics in the old format. This will   |
> | simplify migration to the new version for you.                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| old 0.1x.y version (ex `master` branch) is moved to the `release-0.1x` branch.|
| If you considering migrating from the old version of the exporter  - you can  |
| use flag `--compatible-mode` to expose metrics in the old metric names. This will   |
| simplify migration to the new version for you.                                 |
```
